Next, Joe must investigate the situation
with the slipper socks.
Was the order placed incorrectly?
Did the vendor indeed send the incorrect item?
What actions can be done next?
In this example, Joe has checked all of the above,
and has verified that he placed the order correctly,
but the vendor indeed sent the wrong items.
As a result, it will create a need for the slipper socks.
Joe has contacted the vendor to notify them
of the incorrect items and requested that they are returned.
He then requested that the vendor send the items
that were originally ordered as soon as possible
due to the demand requirements.
Joe has stayed in contact with the vendor
throughout the process to include tracking the item
until it was delivered to the facility.
Once the correct item came in the next day
with the Prime Vendor order, Joe insured that they
were properly received into the inventory system
and distributed to the needed areas.